---
layout: post
title: Minutes 2019-09-09
date: 2019-09-09
---

## Steering Committee Meeting Minutes, Mon., September 9, 2019 6:00p-7:30p

### The Smoketown Collective 900 S Shelby St, Louisville, KY 40203

Ryane Puckett
Angela Graham
Dawn Howard
Kyle Miller
Bret Walker
Robert Kahne

. Reading and approval of the minutes.

  - Dawn moved to approve, Bret seconded. Minutes approved.

2. Reports of Officers, Boards, Standing Committees.

  - No reports.

3. Reports of Special Committees.

  - Discussion of ongoing apps and projects:
    - Renters' rights
      - Bret still working on app. Hoping to get it to get some basic styling done on it soon so we can start veting it with partners.
    - Teacher swap meet site
      - Things are starting to move
      - Emilie Blanton and Don Baker, teachers active in JCTA, met with Robert and introduced him to Brent McKim, president of JCTA
      - Robert to meet with Brent, a JCTA liason, and JCPS on Thursday
      - Robert has a couple of people who are intersted in developing
      - Robert plans to get together with those people and report back
    - KentuckianaWorks project
      - Wanted to develop app to allow people to show people possible careers, display connections between jobs
      - Kyle looking into licenses (O*Net database/API have different licenses)
      - Bret created repo for Austyn Hill to upload data set she worked on at the event
      - Need interested parties to move forward
    - Commenting app
      - Angela followed up
      - Meeting on 22nd with Ben, Angela, and two developers
      - 2 ideas:
        - commeting app to capture contact
        - something that would make a widget and let other folks use the same concept on their site

4. Special Orders.

5. Unfinished Business and General Orders.

  - Robert will send out survey

6. New Business.

  - Robert going to do an RStudio Cloud event with SPJ to teach some basic data wrangling
  - Ryane and Robert going to brigade congress (Oct 18-20)
    - Bret will order stickers
  - Ryane willing to be co-chair since Kehontas has moved away from Louisville
  - Discussion of a potential joing CFK-IxDA Meetup

7. Adjournment.
  - Bret moved to adjourn, Dawn seconded. Meeting adjourned.