---
layout: post
title: Minutes 2019-10-22
date: 2019-10-24
---

## Steering Committee Meeting Minutes, Tues., October 22 9, 2019 6:00p-7:30p

### Louisville Metro Public Health Department 400 E. Gray St., Louisville, KY 40202

Angela Graham
Kyle Miller
Bret Walker
Robert Kahne

Also in attendance:
Austyn Hill

- Robert called meeting to order

1. Reading and approval of the minutes.

  - Kyle moved to bring meeting to order. Bret seconded. Approved.

2. Reports of Officers, Boards, Standing Committees.

  - Robert reporting on Brigade Congress
    - Talked about collaborating with Indiana brigades. Indy brigade working on rentry app for women exiting prision.
    - Code for Boston member/caseworker has calculator for caseworkers to Social Security windfall tax
      - Robert will reach out to John Yarmith's office to see if there's interst in using the app here
    - Discussion of CourtBot. Bret and Kyle have a call with Administrative Office of the Court contact to discuss.
    - Open data bill may be introduced in 2020 General Assembly. How can we help?
    - Robert discussed the value of a monthly meetup, which was a key aspect of other brigades he spoke with at the Congress

3. Reports of Special Committees.

  - Discussion of ongoing apps and projects:
    * Renters' rights
      - Bret stil working. Hoping to snag a UX person at IxDA meetup, then take back to partners.
    * Teacher swap meet site
      - Repository/hub of resources for teachers. A couple of meetings have happened, and the next step is to meet in early November. JCTA working on getting teachers together for focus group.
    * KentuckianaWorks project
      - Austyn working on something, may have something for IxDA meetup
    * Commenting app
      - Main developer haivng trouble getting approval for working on a side project, but it's moving up the chain. Bret will send an email to Angela, Michael, Di, and Ben Carter to see about a simple POC.
    * Robert hosting event with SPJ
      - Nov 21 at Smoketown Collecive - focused on data wrangling R

  * CFK + IxDA Meetup
    - Monday 10/28 6-8

4. Special Orders.

5. Unfinished Business and General Orders.

  - Robert will send out survey

6. New Business.

  - Austyn Hill discussed sponsorship by Software Guild
  - Bret brought up how to host sites. Can CFA help us?

7. Adjournment.
  - Bret motioned to adjourn. Angela seconded. Meeting adjourned.