---
layout: post
title: Agenda 2019-05-31
date: 2019-06-03
---

## Steering Committee Meeting Agenda, Friday, May 31, 2019 6:00p-8:00p
### Smoketown Collective 900 S. Shelby St. Louisville, KY 40203

#### Attendance
* Bret Walker - Minutes
* Robert Kahne - Chair
* Chris Harrell
* Dawn Howard

Meeting called to order. 

Robert moved to accept mins
Bret seconded
Approved

##### Special New Business Item
  * We bumped this item to the front of the meeting so our guest speaker could leave before regular business
  * Brian Luerman of KentuckianaWorks spoke about a project idea he has to build a portal to allow Project CASE/OptionsUnlimited/etc. career counselors to vet their clients' resumes and post them for local businesses to view
  * This shouldn't be another jobs site, it should be focused on enhancing the workflow between non-profit career counselors and businesses
  * The board expressed interest, and will follow up with Brian

##### No new reports of Officers, Boards, Standing Committees.

##### Reports of Special Committees.

###### Renters' Rights Update
  * Loren and Bret had met to discuss the features needed in the app the breakout of the pages
  * Bret is continuing to work on wireframes to take to our partners for their feedback
  * We hope to meet with at least one partner before the next steering committee meeting

###### Center for Health Equity Project Update
  * The team delivered some results after a round of feedback and are waiting to hear back about whether any more assistance on the original project is needed
  * Robert will work on writing up the work
  * The Center has asked for assistance building an interactive visualization of people and networks in the housing and econonmic development space in Louisville. Robert is following up.
  * Bret asked Robert to think about how this project could be made collaborative using Github and issues

###### Tax Project Update
  * Dawn has been working with Code for America that is seeking to close the gap on the earned income tax credit (EITC)
  * A number of people do not file a tax return even when they are owed an EITC because they do not know how worthwhile it is
  * Dawn has been providing guidance as a CPA, tax preparer, and former VITA volunteer
  * CfA is moving forward with some beta testing

##### No Special Orders.

##### Unfinished Business and General Orders. 
  * There was discussion of Kehontas move. She was unable to attend the meeting due to a time difference, and Robert will reach out to her to discuss how much she is able to be involved in the organization going forward.
  * Robert will also discuss transferring the MOU
  * The board discussed expanding the board, and each member present discussed potential candidates that they had spoken to. The board agreed to move forward with discussions with these candidates.
  * The board discussed when we would hold our next event and meeting.

Bret moved for meeting to adjourned
Dawn seconded
Meeting adjourned
